Restructure the "new buildbot worker" guide (#1732)
python/devguide: testing/new-buildbot-worker.rst

software, but you'll need to modify the sequence of steps below as appropriate
if you choose that path.

.. tab:: Linux

   * If your package manager provides the buildbot worker software, that is
     probably the best way to install it; it may create the buildbot user for
     you, in which case you can skip the next step.  Otherwise, do ``pip install
     buildbot-worker`` or ``pip3 install buildbot-worker``.
   * Create a ``buildbot`` user (using, eg: ``useradd``) if necessary.
   * Log in as the buildbot user.

   In a terminal window for the buildbot user, issue the following commands (you
   can put the ``buildarea`` wherever you want to)::

      mkdir buildarea
      buildbot-worker create-worker buildarea buildbot-api.python.org:9020 workername workerpasswd

> .. tab:: Mac

Author: ```suggestion
.. tab:: macOS
```

>    * Create a buildbot user using the OS/X control panel user admin.  It

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Create a buildbot user using the macOS control panel user admin.  It
```

     should be a "standard" user.
   * Log in as the buildbot user.
   * Install the buildbot worker [#]_ by running ``pip install buildbot-worker``.

   In a terminal window for the buildbot user, issue the following commands (you
   can put the ``buildarea`` wherever you want to)::

      mkdir buildarea
      buildbot-worker create-worker buildarea buildbot-api.python.org:9020 workername workerpasswd

.. tab:: Windows

   * Create a buildbot user as a "standard" user.
   * Install the latest version of Python from python.org.
   * Open a Command Prompt.

>    * Execute ``python -m pip install pypiwin32 buildbot-worker`` (note that

Author: I don't have a clue (I'm not one to ask for Windows things :-), maybe @zooba knows?
